The ingots are so big
It's time for him to find out who his father is
The man I asked you to check earlier
How is the quality?
His name is Xue Zhilong
Now I am an errand runner in Guangzhou.
Usually rely on takeaway delivery to protect
He used to be the neighbor's son-in-law
Today's top Liu Xiaohua Li Mengdi's husband
I have been living in the Lin family for the past 4 years
Not much ability
Those who are raised by others are handsome
I heard that the Lin family despises Lindy and wants a divorce
It should be gone by now.
Ok, I see.
How can you fall in love with such a man?
It's lard magic
Mom, I'll change with you.
What to change?
Trade my favorite bear for daddy
Did you see the ingot?
The most handsome man
That's your dad!
Really? I'll go there now.